University of Westminster
Undergraduate Degree

Deadline: 29 May 2020 (annual)
Study in:  UK
Course starts September 2020


Brief description: 

Westminster’s Undergraduate Full Scholarships are the University’s most competitive scholarships that are open to international students from developing countries who wish to pursue a full-time Undergraduate degree at the University of Westminster.

Host Institution(s):

University of Westminster, United Kingdom

Level/Field of study:

Any eligible Undergraduate Programme offered at University of Westminster.

Number of Awards:

3

Target group:

Students from developing countries. If your country is not on the list then you are eligible to apply.

Andorra, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, San Marino, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, USA, Vatican City.

Scholarship value/inclusions/duration:

Full tuition fee waivers, accommodation, living expenses and flights to and from London. The scholarship will be renewed each year subject to satisfactory academic performance.

Eligibility:

You must be an international student from a developing country and hold an offer for a full-time undergraduate degree at the University.  The criteria for awarding the scholarships are academic excellence, development potential and financial need.









Oxford University Press
Masters/PhD Degrees

Deadline: 7 Jan/21 Jan 2022 (annual)
Study in:  UK
Course starts October 2022


Brief description:

The Clarendon Fund is a major graduate scholarship scheme at the University of Oxford, offering around 140 new scholarships every year. Clarendon Scholarships are awarded on the basis of academic excellence and potential across all degree-bearing subjects at graduate level at the University of Oxford.

Host Institution(s):

University of Oxford in United Kingdom

Level/Field(s) of study:

All degree-bearing courses at graduate level in any subject are eligible. This encompasses all full-time and part-time master’s and all DPhil courses. A list of all the graduate courses offered by the University of Oxford can be found on the Courses page.

Postgraduate Certificate or Diploma courses are not eligible for this scholarship.

Number of Awards:

Approximately 140 scholarships are offered every year.

Target group:

All applicants from any country

Scholarship value/inclusions/duration:

All Clarendon Scholarships cover tuition and college fees in full.

Scholars on a full-time course receive a generous annual grant for living costs – which will be at least £15,009 for 2020-21. Scholars on a part-time course will receive a study support grant, to assist with non-fee costs. Scholars on a part-time course will receive a study support grant, to assist with non-fee costs. In 2020-21, part-time DPhil scholars should expect to receive at least £2,502 and part-time Master’s scholars should expect at least £5,003.

The scholarships are normally offered for the full period for which you are liable to pay tuition fees to the University, which is usually the same as the length of your course.

Eligibility/Selection Criteria:

Clarendon Scholarships are awarded on the basis of outstanding academic merit and potential to graduate students from all around the world. Scholarships are tenable in all subject areas and are open to candidates who apply for a new master’s or DPhil course by the January admissions deadline.







VLIR-UOS
Training/Masters Degree

Deadline: 1 Feb/1 Mar 2021 (annual)
Study in:  Belgium
Course starts 2021


Brief description: 

VLIR-UOS awards scholarships to students from 31 eligible countries in Africa, Asia and Latin-America, to follow an English-taught training or master programme at a Flemish university or university college in Belgium.

Host Institution(s):

Participating Belgian Flemish university or university college

Fields of study/Programmes:

English Taught Training (ITP) and Master’s programmes (ICP) at participating Belgian Universities

Number of Awards:

12 scholarships are awarded for each Training and Master’s programme.

Target group:

Africa: Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, DR Congo, Ethiopia, Guinea, Cameroon, Kenya, Madagascar, Mali, Morocco, Mozambique, Niger, Rwanda, Senegal, Tanzania, Uganda, Zimbabwe, South Africa

Asia: Cambodia, Philippines, Indonesia, Palestinian Territories, Vietnam

Latin America: Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador, Guatemala, Haiti, Nicaragua, Peru

Scholarship value/inclusions/duration:

VLIR-UOS only provides full scholarships for the total duration of the training or Master. The scholarships cover allowance, accommodation, insurance, international travel and tuition fee.

Eligibility Requirements:

You can only apply for a scholarship if you meet the following requisites:

•  Nationality and Country of Residence
A candidate should be a national and resident of one of the 31 countries of the VLIR-UOS country list for scholarships (not necessarily the same country) at the time of application.

•  Age
The maximum age for a Master programme candidate is 35 years for an initial masters and 45 years for an advanced masters. The candidate cannot succeed this age on January 1 of the intake year.

•  Professional background and experience
Priority is given to candidates who are employed in academic institutions, research institutes, governments, the social economy or NGOs, or who aim at a career in one of these sectors. However, master candidates employed in the profit sector or newly graduated candidates without any work experience can be eligible for the scholarship as well, depending on their motivation and profile. The training candidate should have relevant professional experience and a support letter confirming (re)integration in a professional context where the acquired knowledge and skills will be immediately applicable.

Read the complete eligibility and selection criteria at the official website.







Swedish Institute
Masters Degree

Deadline: 15 Jan/18 Feb 2021
Study in: Sweden
Course starts August 2021


Scholarship description: 

The Swedish Institute Scholarships for Global Professionals (SISGP), a new scholarship programme which replaces the Swedish Institute Study Scholarships (SISS) offers scholarships to a large number of master’s programmes at Swedish Universities in the Autumn semester 2021.

The SI Scholarship for Global Professionals aims to develop future global leaders that will contribute to the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and contribute to a positive and sustainable development in their home countries and region.

Host Universities/Institutions:

Swedish Higher Education Institutions and Swedish Universities

Level/Field(s) of study:

The list of eligible master’s programmes for SISGP 2021/2022 will be published at the official website by the middle of November 2020.

Number of Scholarships:

An estimated 300 scholarships will be available.

Target group:

Students from the following 42 countries:

Armenia; Azerbaijan; Bangladesh; Bolivia; Belarus; Brazil; Cambodia; Cameroon; Colombia; Ecuador; Egypt; Ethiopia; Gambia; Georgia; Ghana; Guatemala; Honduras; Indonesia; Jordan; Kenya; Liberia; Malawi; Moldova; Morocco; Myanmar (Burma); Nepal; Nigeria; Pakistan; Peru; Philippines; Russian Federation; Rwanda; Sri Lanka; Sudan; Tanzania; Tunisia; Turkey; Uganda; Ukraine; Vietnam; Zambia; Zimbabwe.

Scholarship value/inclusions/duration:

The scholarship covers tuition fees, living expenses of SEK 10,000 per month, insurance, and a one-time travel grant of SEK 15,000 (only for scholarship holders living outside Sweden).

The scholarship is intended for full-time one-year or two-year master’s programmes, and is only awarded for programmes starting in the autumn semester.

There are no additional grants for family members. It also doesn’t cover the application fee to University Admissions.

Eligibility:

To be eligible for SISGP, you must have had at least 3,000 hours’ work experience prior to 9 February 2021 from a maximum of three organisations/companies.  Applicants must be from an eligible country (see above).  You must be able to demonstrate your previous leadership experience from your current or previous employment or civil society. You must also be admitted (including conditionally admitted) to one of the eligible master’s programmes at Swedish Universities by 9 April 2021.

There are also other conditions regarding dual citizenship, previous residence and studies in Sweden, and more. Read the complete eligibility criteria at the official website.







British Government/FCO
Masters Degree

Deadline: 2 Nov 2021 (annual)
Study in: UK
Course starts Sept/Oct 2022


Brief description:

Chevening Scholarships are the UK government’s global scholarship programme, funded by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) and partner organisations. The programme offers awards to outstanding scholars with leadership potential from around the world to study for a master’s degree in any subject at any UK university.

Host Institution(s):

Any university in the UK

Level/Field(s) of study:

Full-time taught Masters Degree Programme in any subject. Use the course finder to find eligible master’s degrees at every university across the UK.

Number of Awards:

Around 1,500 scholarships globally will be offered.

Target group:

The scholarships are targeted to citizens of Chevening-eligible countries.  See the official website for complete list of countries eligible for Chevening scholarships.

Scholarship value/inclusions:

A Chevening Scholarship normally covers university tuition fees, a monthly living allowance, an economy class return airfare to the UK, and additional grants and allowances to cover essential expenditure.

Eligibility:

To be eligible for a Chevening Scholarship you must:

•  Be a citizen of a Chevening-eligible country or territory.

•  Return to your country of citizenship for a minimum of two years after your scholarship has ended

• Have completed all components of an undergraduate degree that will enable you to gain entry onto a postgraduate programme at a UK university by the time you submit your application. This is typically equivalent to an upper second-class 2:1 honours degree in the UK but may be different depending on your course and university choice.

• Have at least two years (equivalent to 2,800 hours) of work experience.

• Apply to three different eligible UK university courses and have received an unconditional offer from one of these choices by 15 July 2022.
Swiss Government
PhD/Postdoctoral Degree

Deadline: varies, Sept-Dec 2021
Study in: Switzerland
Next course starts 2022


Brief description: 

Each year, the Swiss Confederation awards Government Excellence Scholarships to promote international exchange and research cooperation between Switzerland and over 180 other countries.

The research scholarship is available to post-graduate researchers in any discipline (who hold a master’s degree as a minimum) who are planning to come to Switzerland to pursue research or further studies at doctoral or post-doctoral level.

Host Institution(s):

One of the 10 Swiss cantonal universities, the two Swiss federal institutes of technology or public teaching and research institutes.

Level/Field of study:

Doctoral or Postdoctoral Studies or Research in any discipline

Target group:

International students from more than 180 countries.  See the official website for complete list of eligible countries.

Scholarship inclusions:

The scholarship covers a monthly payment, exemption of tuition fees, health insurance, air fare, housing allowance, etc., as applicable. Please refer to the country-specific fact sheets for exact scholarship benefits.

Eligibility Criteria:

Please refer to the country-specific fact sheets for general and specific eligibility criteria.